Add return type to Argument Reference on vpc_endpoint_service document (#15363)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/vpc_endpoint_service.html.markdown

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - string - The ID of the VPC endpoint service.

> * `availability_zones` - list(string) - The Availability Zones in which the service is available.

Reviewer: Looks like availability_zones is actually set(string)

Author: Ops, sorry. I would fix it.

https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws/blob/master/aws/data_source_aws_vpc_endpoint_service.go#L30

> * `id` - string - The ID of the VPC endpoint service.
> * `availability_zones` - set(string) - The Availability Zones in which the service is available.
> * `arn` - string - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the VPC endpoint service.
> * `base_endpoint_dns_names` - set(string) - The DNS names for the service.
> * `manages_vpc_endpoints` - bool - Whether or not the service manages its VPC endpoints - `true` or `false`.
> * `private_dns_name` - string - The private DNS name for the service.
> * `service_name` - string - The service name.
> * `service_type` - string - The service type, `Gateway` or `Interface`.
> * `state` - string - The state of the VPC endpoint service.

Reviewer 2: Hi @daisakuhazui! Until we have a decision on #15365, lets keep with the standard that is most consistent across the provider and just mention Set in the description.

```suggestion
* `id` - The ID of the VPC endpoint service.
* `availability_zones` - A set of Availability Zones in which the service is available.
* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the VPC endpoint service.
* `base_endpoint_dns_names` - A set of DNS names for the service.
* `manages_vpc_endpoints` -  Whether or not the service manages its VPC endpoints - `true` or `false`.
* `private_dns_name` - The private DNS name for the service.
* `service_name` - The service name.
* `service_type` - The service type, `Gateway` or `Interface`.
* `state` - The state of the VPC endpoint service.
```
